Short: Postscript preview/printing utility.

TITLE

	Post Enhanced

VERSION

	Version 1.86enh

AUTHOR

	Version 1.86enh enhancements, Robert Poole
	Original code Copyright 1989, 1992 Adrian Aylward

DESCRIPTION

	Post 1.7 is a great PostScript viewer, and my enhancements fix some
	of its more glaring bugs and add functionality.

	Post V1.86enh allows the user to view PostScript documents on screen,
	send them to ANY preferences supported printer (contrary to claims
	made in the recent announcement of GhostScript for the Amiga), or
	create an IFF-ILBM file from the PostScript file.  There are also
	separate programs in the distribution (unchanged from Mr. Aylward's
	distribution of version 1.7) which allow printing to the HP LaserJet
	and compatibles (faster than printing through preferences) and which
	allow band printing for printers with limited memory.

NEW FEATURES

	* All Amigados 1.3 compatibility has been removed to facilitate a
	  better, more consistent user interface.  Post now uses GadTools
	  menus and GadTools.library generated gadgets.

	* Full-color fully 3-D windows.  Post now uses a 16-color hires
	  screen for all its rendering regardless of the rendering mode
	  selected (B&W, RGB, CMYK) for document output.

	* Full support for and use of ASL file requesters.

	* Many bugs removed.  Most notably, resizing windows will not destroy
	  their graphical contents.

	* Post now offers compatibility with SunMouse and AutoPoint
	  commodities with a simple checkbox gadget.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

	Post V1.86enh requires Amigados 2.04 or greater.  Hard disk and
	lots of RAM are highly recommended.

HOST NAME

	amiga.physik.unizh.ch (130.60.80.80)
	(and all mirrors)

DIRECTORY

	amiga/new

	Soon: amiga/text/print (or another logical location, check the SHORT
	or RECENT file list in the amiga directory)

	Note: mirrors of amiga.physik use "aminet" rather than "amiga" for
	the path.

FILE NAMES

	Post186enh_bin.lha
		full distribution (except source code), contains all
		fonts from the GNU GhostScript distribution (which are
		themselves PD or covered by GNU Copyleft)
	Post186enh_min.lha
		All binaries, but only one font -- Funkyfont, which came
		with Post 1.7.  This file is all you'll need if you already
		have a set of Adobe type 1 or type 3 fonts.
	Post186enh_src.lha
		Source code for all the binaries.  Every effort has been made
		to make these files compliant with SAS/C 6.x format.

PRICE

	Absolutely free.

DISTRIBUTABILITY

	Adrian Aylward's licence (included in the source distribution) allows
	for very liberal redistribution of the source and binaries, plus
	modified source and modified binaries (providing that the version
	numbering system is significantly different from his).  So, copy at
	will, do what thou wilt.

OTHER

	Questions, comments, flames: Send them to me, Robert Poole
	pooler@rpi.edu
	pooler@cs.rpi.edu
